---
layout: post  
date: 2019-10-31  
title: revenge is just a dream away (NSFW)  
tags: [story, fiction]  

---
It had been many years, but the wounds in Ark’s mind still hadn’t healed. He had been betrayed, manipulated, abused, he had been made a victim, and he hated that. But today, things were going to change, it was his day of retribution, as he jokingly called it. It was a long day, but by the end of it, he had his ex-boyfriend, the person who caused him all his pain, tied up to a table and gagged. He was wearing a surgeon’s outfit, complete with a hazmat mask and elbow-long latex gloves, and his instruments were laid on a separate table next to the other: scalpels, scissors, kitchen knives, an ax, a baseball bat, etc. Revenge was just a few centimeters away.  

Ark slapped the unconscious man a couple of times, each time with more strength, until he woke up. The almost naked man looked around and tried to get up, and then screamed when he saw his captor, but he couldn’t speak words.   

“You might be wondering why you’re here and who I am”, Ark said in a serious tone and then giggled, “Man, that sounded cheesy. Let’s just say you’re here cause you’ve been a very shitty person to me, and I know that you’re still being shitty to this day to other people.” Ark shivered for a second. “Just knowing that I lost track of you and I couldn’t tell other people what you did sends chills down my spine. I hate knowing that you could have... done that to other people, and I want to prevent you from doing it in the future… So here we are! I’m gonna make you feel the pain that I felt thanks to you; I survived, but you’re not surviving this one.”   

He turned around to face the instrument table as his victim shook violently trying to free himself. “Where to start? So many options…” Ark looked at his ex and took the baseball bat, “Since you won’t sit still, how about this one?” He swung the bat in the air a couple of times and then struck down on the man’s stomach as hard as he could. “Surprised?” Ark giggled, “I’ve been working on my strength and stuff; I bet I’m even stronger than you now.” He struck down again and again until his victim started moving slower and blood dripped from his mouth.  

“Next up is… this one!” Ark said as he picked up the kitchen knife. “I’ve always wanted to use one of these to hurt someone… but you already know that, right?” The man’s eyes widened when he heard that, as if he had realized who was talking to him, he tried to squirm away, but Ark stabbed him in the stomach with the knife and then slashed him across the abdomen, creating a large gap in the man’s flesh. The man screamed as Ark deepened the gap further and further with the knife. He went so deep that he could put his hand inside his victim’s belly and reach for the intestine, and that’s what he did.  

“It’s so warm in here…” Ark reflected for a moment before grabbing the intestine, and inmediately he got an idea. He Pulled out the intestine and severed it apart from the rest of the man’s organs, then he moved closer to his head and tied the intestine around the man’s neck like a scarf. “There it is, lovely!” He made a pause and noticed that the man was bleeding out profusely, in all his excitement, he had killed him off too quickly.  

“Alright, before you die on your own…” Ark said as he picked up the ax. “Truth is, I don’t know who to use an ax… so I’m gonna have to wing it… Don’t worry, it’ll be fun!”  

The couldn't scream anymore as the ax struck down on his neck, one time after the other, until his head rolled off the table. Ark picked up the head, grabbing it by the hair, and stared at it...  

And then he heard a knock on the door, and he woke up.  

“Ark? Are you awake?” for a second he didn’t recognize the voice on the other side of the door, and then he remembered. “Can I come in? The door is locked…” it was his new partner, Frank, calling for him to open the door.  

Ark stood up and unlocked the door, “Yeah, I’m sorry… I’m sorry I made you sleep on the couch.”  

“No, I’m sorry for being such a jerk last night… I shouldn't have been so pushy...” Frank embraced Ark and apologized.  

“It’s ok, don’t worry…” Ark hugged his partner and then remembered the dream he had just woken up from. “Actually, I feel much better now. I had a wonderful dream and I feel like I’ve been set free.”  

“Really? Do you wanna tell me about it?”  

“Not really, it was a bit gruesome…”
